Let me introduce myself first,
Shen Xiyue is 26 years old,
Stanford Finance PhD Society,
Today I'm going back to China with the President of City Group,
Deep fake hundreds of billions. And you?
How much is the monthly salary, and do you sometimes have a house?
Oh, smart,
There is no garage.
The monthly salary is around 1,000,
Currently the city is running.
Have you accepted my basic conditions?
You still have so much to carry with you from the Banzhuang?
Look, I can believe that picture
You are always embarrassed
My ideal type is Baguan Sanfu
Help the defeated Dragon Lord
As long as you can meet my conditions
I can give you and your daughter the best life possible
The ideal type is
Those two aunties, aunties, aunties, aunties, aunties, aunties, aunties, aunties, aunties
aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt
aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt aunt
Yue'e, you need to find someone more responsible to marry her for you
Guo Zishang was happy
The fierce dragon is happy
Your identity is
Then she is a strict person
This longevity
my foreign uncle
Announced that he was living in Sandawan with his other daughter